Removed Linux as Visual Studio is not supported on Linux. (#25372)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/index.md

* Leverage the existing .NET ecosystem of [.NET libraries](/dotnet/standard/class-libraries).
* Share app logic across server and client.
* Benefit from .NET's performance, reliability, and security.

> * Stay productive with [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com) on Windows, and macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Stay productive on Windows, Linux, or macOS with a development environment, such as [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/) or [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).
```
